# A weekend crash course on devops

* Every bug fix is like a murder mystery.
* Observability vs. telemetry?
* Latency/basic expectations of UI in health checks?
* It's hard to slow down success.
* Tribal knowledge as a bottleneck.
* Pairing as a portion of on-boarding.
* Because we have a mature set of front-end tests, we should start with those as a primary success condition and treat unit tests as value added until they're mature.
* The importance of continuous deployment isn't just about velocity, but variance.
* Content repository reconciliation
* Your strongest link can still be a bottleneck if it's put under too much stress.
* Only buy products and services that come with an API. Any tool you can't automate probably isn't a good fit.
* DocOps? How do we keep from surprising the demo team? Open content system.
* Changelog and transmission, but don't expect people to stop their day job to read your release notes.
* Devops may be a department, but it can't be a silo.
* If production servers are VMs, we should have scripts to reproduce them so that we can destroy and recreate them at any time.
* Visibility and predictability of IT's work process would be extremely valuable.
* Production clones
* One side effect of DevOps is increasing the coefficient of usefulness of each developer added.
* Canary releases (service flags.)
* First-order connections (Which applications directly feed data into or take data out of our products?)
* Brown-bag sessions / lunch and learns
* Demo after ship
* Container swap for green-blue QA deployment?
* Nix/NixOS for environment VMs?
* medokusai = NVA (no-value-add) = waste
* Where's our new server?
* Nuget package: Transperfect.Techops.Testing.Authentication
